# ReactJS Tutorial 9. Props



Props short for properties is the optional input that your component can accept. Also allows components to be dynamic.

Sometimes it is possible that you may not have an idea of what content is being passed in. But we want the component to render this unknown content. We can do this by specificing content between opening and closing tag of the component and retriveing it using the reserved children property in the props object.


On the first Greet component, instad of the self closing tag. Split into opening and clsoing tags.

In betweeen the tags, I'll specifiy a simple paragraph tag.

Now in the Greet component we can render the paragraph using props.children.

First I'll be adding parens as we are splitting JSX into multiple lines.

First is the h1 tag, then `{props.children}`. in the borwser we have an error. This is becuase JSX we have should contain only one wrapper element.

We are going to wrap both of these elements within a div tag. This is a lmitiataion that we currently have. So we must enclose all content in a div tag.

only for Batman do we have tha additonal content. rendered.

For the properties that you know for sure that are going to be passed you can pass them as attributes.
If you have no clue what's going to be passed as props or dynamic HTML content, pass it in between the component tags, and in the component definition
simply render the content using `props.children`.

If at all specified it is rendered in the browser. An if nothing is passed props.children simply renders nothing.


- */App.js*
```jsx
/* App.js */

class App extends Component
  render() {
    return (
        <div className="App">
          <Greet name="Bruce" heroName="Batman">
            <p>This is children props</p>
        </Greet>
    )
  }
```

- */components/Greet.jsx*
```jsx
/* /components/Greet.jsx */

import React from "react";

const Greet = props => {
    console.log(props);
    return (
        <div>
        <h1>Hello {props.name} a.k.a {props.heroName}
        </h1>
        {props.children}
        </div>
    )
}

export default Greet
```


## How to make use of props with Class components.